---
layout: post
title: 25 before 25
---

I'll be turning 25 in a little over 6 months and over the past few weeks I started to collect a list of experiences and action items I want to accomplish before I start freaking out about being a **quarter of a century** old. This list originally started on a Google Doc that I have been editting, but putting it here seems a bit more official. I will be contributing to this list, in attempt to document my life and keep me on track.

### 25 things I will do before I turn 25 

1. Visit a new country - *11/27/2019-12/4/2019*
>Went to **TAHITI** for the first time to compete in the Ori Tahiti Nui competition. Going to the motherland has been a dream of mine since I started dancing. The entire time I was there I was in disbelief as it really was a dream come true; you can imagine how depressed I became when I had to leave. There is something about living a simplier life on that island that made me feel calm and collected - the steak frites, the warm water, the endless jokes and memories created with my hula sisters, I enjoyed every minute I was on Tahiti and Mo'orea. Tahiti, you gave me so much, and in return I hope I can take my experience and continue the legacy of the culture.
2. Visit a new state - *09/05/2019-09/08/2019*
>Louisville, Kentucky for the last Derbycon
3. Visit a national park - *9/2/2019-9/3/2019*
>Sequoia National Park, with Melanie and Selena
4. Hike a mountain - *11/17/2019*
>Mt. Wilson with Xavier
5. Run a 5K - *12/14/2019*
>Ran the Holiday 5k at the Pomona Fairplex with Nicole; next stop, a 10K! 
6. Self date - *2/29/2020*
>Solo to Aliaa's wedding 
7. Real date - *1/6/2020*
>Got on the dating app **Hinge** and went on my first date of 2020.
8. See a favorite band live - *3/11/2020*
>Tame Impala @ The Forum
9. Compete in Ori Tahiti - *12/1/2019*
>Competed in Tahiti at the **Ori Tahiti Nui** competition in the 'Aito category. I made it to finals but did not place top 5; I am still very proud of myself. I got inspired that night watching the World Championship, promising myself to put in more hours and energy to better my technique and cultivate my creativity. I don't believe I'll ever master Ori Tahiti, but that's ok. I don't dance to be the best, I dance to be better than I currently am. 
10. Host an event - *5/21/2020*
>Zoom with friends and family
11. Outdoor activity - *5/29/20*
>Made a garden with tomatos, radish, cucumber, beets, etc.
12. Water activity - *12/4/2019*
>Went **snorkeling** in Mo'orea with stingrays, black tip sharks, and a bunch of different species of fish. I really enjoyed being in the water and observing the creatures in their natural habitat; I was in awe with their beauty - the bright color of their scales and the movement of their fins. Reminded me of the time I went snorkeling with my family in Hanauma Bay.
13. Fishing - *6/23/2020*
>Birthday Trip with family and friends
14. Donate/Volunteer - *
15. Go to church - *6/21/2020*
>Watched church via Youtube
16. Save - *6/23/2020*
>Saved a certain amount and maxed out Roth IRA
17. Create art or something - *12/7/2019*
>Does this website count? Maybe I'll create a piece of artwork too. (Ended up painting)
18. Watch the sunrise and sunset - *12/3/2019-12/4/2019*
>Watched the **sunset** on 12/3, on a black sand beach and **sunrise** on 12/4, on the resort, climbing above the mountain behind us. Both with Diana and Danielle, in Tahiti (Kevin was there for the sunset lol) - what a splendid trip it was.
19. Buy an expensive item for yourself - *11/20/2019*
>I caved and bought **Airpods** for myself; not the latest version but 2nd gen cause I'm still that cheap that I will not spend $250 on the latest and greatest. Have yet to justify the cost but it has been convenient running and dancing around the house without the cords getting in the way. Also, bought running shoes but that was more towards my goal of running more.
20. Take family out to dinner - *6/13/2020*
>Anniversary dinner from Chi's 
21. Cook a meal - *1/1/2020*
>Cooked **lasagna** with my sister, bought the ingredients on New Year's Eve since we couldn't spend money on New Year's Day 
22. Read a book - *6/23/2020*
>Read 7 Habits of Highly Effective People
23. Thrill-seeking activity
24. Learn how to drive stick shift
25. Learn a new skill - *6/21/2020*
>Learned how to sew from Micaela

### BONUS ITEMS:

* Learn a new skill
* Visit a new art museum/exhibit
* Go "people watching"
* Treat **yo**self day
* Unplug for a day/weekend
* Write letters and mail them
* Tea party
* Garden
* Whale Watching
* Catalina Island
* Skiing
* Snowboarding
* Stargazing
* Bake bread
* Make a cocktail
* Side hustle/passive income
* Bouldering/Rock climbing